hey there welcome back to idolize makeup
tutorial Channel today I have added
another look into my sweet lips series
with this hot chocolate lipstick I think
I was inspired to do this look because
it's a little bit colder here in
Australia at the moment and I've been
drinking a lot of hot chocolate so I
thought it might grow well in my sweet
lips series so let's get started okay
first I'm taking my white face paint
from Marin and I'm spritzing it with a
little bit of water to activate it and
then i'm using a very small brush and
I'm lining along the bottom and the top
of my list and I'm also cutting a curved
line through the bottom lip joining up
to each end and it's going to be about a
third of the way down the lip please
excuse all the little pinky red marks
across my lips and above my lips I had
just finished filming my lollipop
lipstick before this and the red
actually stained my lips so I couldn't
quite get it off before I started this
look ok now i'm also adding a little
handle to my teacup on the outside of
one side of my lip which is just going
to be a curved semicircle reaching from
the top lip down to the bottom lip and
i'm filling in the area between the two
lines on the bottom lip still using that
white face paint next I'm taking this
light grey face paint and spritzing it
with a little bit of water as well and
then i'm taking a thin brush and
applying some line vertically down the
bottom lip to give it more of a teacup
effect now i'm taking my lime crime
eyeshadow helper and using my finger i'm
applying it over the remaining area of
the lips that are still showing then i'm
applying this brown eyeshadow from
maybelline new york over the top of that
lime crime eyeshadow help us this is
going to look like our hot chocolate
once that area is completely covered
with brown I'm taking this pink face
paint and I'm applying a small square
somewhere on the top lip and then right
next to it i'm applying a small square
of white face paint these are going to
act as
little marshmallows floating in our hot
chocolate now I'm taking this very dark
brown face paint from ben nye and a very
very thin brush and i'm applying some
curved lines just below each of the
marshmallows this is to make it look as
though they're actually floating in the
hot chocolate and then i'm also applying
a few random lines throughout the hot
chocolate and lastly i'm taking my white
face paint once again and drawing some
curvy lines above the teacup to make it
look as though there's steam so we know
that it is hot chocolate okay and now we
have our completed hot chocolate
inspired lipstick tutorial if you
enjoyed this one say let me know by
giving this video a thumbs up and don't
forget to let me know what sweet lips
you would like to see by leaving me a
comment down below or getting in contact
with me on instagram or twitter and
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
for updates on all my new videos which i
do twice a week every single week thank
you so much for watching guys I will see
you for the next tutorial badasses
you